I
what's going on guys during with Hardy
talk and walk back to pokemon showdown
live we're gonna be playing a and you
match today with my favorite team based
around a freakin nu samraat who and use
everything in the end you face cuz he's
n you amazing yeah I really don't know
where I was going out with that but
anyways let's look for a battle awful
help my god we got that right oh that is
done so loud I have to turn that down
right so he's got a a big guy of a
Reggie ice and Reggie Brock a suck
emunah and an exploding mother tree so
my dedicated sacrifice lead on this is
always Kadabra cuz he has a focus sash
and he sent out move Shana what's not
expecting that but um I'm sure he's
probably gonna switch no he stayed in
lyst is he gonna go for a trick room
yeah I was not expecting nuts I don't
really have anybody slow except for am
for us so but Tom pass why are you baton
passing what ok oh we're gonna get a
hidden power fighting off or should we
go for see hidden power is only 70
energy ball will be better we have
focused ash will live at least one hits
this thing's going down there goes your
sweet boy let's do this head smash we
live with our sash he is hit by recoil
and life orb and energy ball rampardos
is gone just like that so much for your
trick room sweet bro sorry about that my
apologies so what's he gonna bring it
next he brings and suck who you know
cadavers dead let's just go for sidekick
just for the heck of it yes her clothes
cut why would he go for oh he's of
course he's gonna be choice so he want
to lock himself in a good move I guess
um sturdy i freakin hate sturdy so much
hmm let's seize in close combat so I
gotta bring in someone I don't have
anybody to resist fighting let's just go
for samra out because Aquajet he has
negative dumb wicked I don't think we
could take one to be honest I honestly
just do not think we can take one close
combat he's gonna wreck us and can we
nope I knew it I I hate sucked I don't
know how sock is in you to be honest cuz
it's just so freaking overpowered and
you put a ban on that thing and then
boom you're done just like that a smock
punch thought we might be able to kill
it goes for close combat we live what we
actually lived mock punch this thing's
dead thank you evil white what evo 8
girder gotta love that thing he brings
in mu Shauna I think that's supposed to
scare me i bet it's gonna go for trick
room we could pay back this thing while
we're actually faster trick room hahaha
that's so adorable you want to be all
fast you tiny a little cloud of but
smoke Thunder Wave well oh duh you
monster die alrighty brings executor
another freakin psychic type let's just
keep going for payback we're faster than
the sink is it a trick room I find that
funny so let's see he's got the to
Reggie's left and he's got executor wild
charge will be super around four books
would be super effective on two of them
but he'll resist regirock resist it but
we have leafeon for regirock so
boy you bout to get schooled in the art
of our ting the bad news is he probably
be faster so I don't know who's gonna be
faster here with the trick room up he's
faster hmm I hate trick room so much um
why do I not have X's Iran leafeon X is
the perfect mood for some reason I have
substitute instead and I should have
x-scissor and I don't and that makes me
mad okay so i'm pretty sure Ambrose will
be slower here which technically means
it's faster let's go with HP ice wow
what use will you stop being so slow
alright we killed it that's fine we lost
some live for damage twisted dimension
turn back to normal which we go for the
focus blast on this thing hopefully
it'll do a lot focus bless and I thought
that would kill it's gonna go for eq and
I don't leave me i can't kill Reggie ice
that's that's the problem we fee on
cannot hurt Reggie ice unless we can get
like a I don't know let's go for the sub
or let's go for swords dance is if we
can get like + t r+ for return toxic was
not expecting it he's that we could take
whatever he's gonna use hopefully we can
take whatever he's gonna use and
earthquake are you serious are you
serious did you is that like your only
physical move I think we can do this I
think plus four uh I think return my ice
doesn't resist grassle ice only resist
ice unless my stupid charts wrong what
you better not because it needs to be
right right now mana leaf blade don't
disappoint me plus 4 we can do this I
believe in you you
we won we won i went from 753 to 894
yeah like I was somehow negative 26 I
don't know how that happened but that
was ah that was enjoyed that battle came
down to her final Pokemon if you guys
enjoyed it make sure to tell me to do
more of these are t be more mom stayed
enough voice try to intimidate me you
won't I none Jen interminable but until
next time I'm Hardy take yo yo